we're partnering with Special Olympics
today at the launch a program of unified
sport which is where we get able-bodied
athletes to partner with athletes with
learning disabilities the actual idea of
Unified sports is not to be able to tell
which is the disabled and which is the
non-disabled person on the team it's
about inclusion it also gives an
opportunity for some of the non learning
disabled students who join in to take on
a role of friendship and mentorship that
is new for them gives them a chance to
exhibit some leadership skills and it's
fantastic thus having a disability
doesn't stop you from playing a sport
like I've enjoyed and making new friends
they've been flat to me kind friendly
she's breaking down stereotypes so
people disabilities they can't play
sports they can they compete very well
and they're very technically gifted just
as much as people that disabilities the
funding and the support that we're going
to be receiving from coca-cola this year
is going to really create a legacy and
added legacy for people learning
disabilities on the back of the Olympics
and Paralympics this summer what makes
us unique amongst corporate sponsors is
that we partner with all three parts of
the Olympic movement including Special
Olympics we've given the chance for some
special olympians to run with the
Olympic torches at tours the country
we've given the opportunity for Special
Olympians to carry the flag during the
World Cup and during the European
Championships so special things which
really are only coke can do in terms of
partnerships
in this economy it's really easy to look
at sponsors and what they bring is
simply a monetary level but what I think
is great this house sponsors like oh
I've managed to align their corporate
image with the special invitees it
raises our profile profile the Special
Olympians and gives them opportunities
they wouldn't otherwise have those types
of opportunities don't exist about my
teen line sponsors with a great deal of
clout I think a great example of where
the values of coca-cola can come to life
with a real partnership with Special
Olympics unified sport bringing people
together which is really what coca-cola
is all about it really builds our
self-confidence and it's also watching
together who didn't know each other so
in terms of specially in terms of our
disability and non-disability students
they've made new friends
the package is one word thought that
they'd be fantastic the word i'll choose
was great been really great really
enjoyed myself with an Olympic Mountains
for 80 years we've been partners here in
gb with the Special Olympics for 34
years it's very special partnership one
that we want to see grow and develop I
think it's just another small part of a
legacy for sport which hopefully will
enjoy after the games of gum